> # Teach me about Makefiles.

Sure, I'd be happy to teach you about Makefiles!

A Makefile is a file containing a set of directives used by a make build automation tool to generate a target/goal. Makefiles are used to organize code compilation in large projects. They can also be used to manage any project where some files must be updated based on others.

Here are some basic concepts:

1. **Target**: This is usually the name of the file that is generated by a program. It could be the name of a program, or the name of a document. 

2. **Prerequisites**: These are files that must exist before a target can be generated. These files are usually source code or data files.

3. **Recipe**: This is an action that make carries out. A recipe may have more than one command, either on the same line or each on its own line.

Here's a very basic structure of a Makefile:

```make
target: prerequisites
	recipe
```

For example, if you have a C++ program that requires a certain .cpp and .h files to compile into an executable, you might have a Makefile that looks like this:

```make
program: main.cpp utility.cpp utility.h
	g++ main.cpp utility.cpp -o program
```

In this case, "program" is the target, "main.cpp", "utility.cpp", and "utility.h" are the prerequisites, and "g++ main.cpp utility.cpp -o program" is the recipe.

When you type "make" in the terminal, the make tool will execute the recipe to generate the target if any of the prerequisites have changed since the last time the target was generated.

There are many more complex things you can do with Makefiles, including defining variables, including other Makefiles, and defining rules for how to generate files of a certain type. But this should give you a basic understanding of what Makefiles are and why they're useful.